High above a quiet pond, seven paper cranes fly together.
Do you see the little red one, right at the front?
Her name is Mika. But she wasn't always the leader.
Mika's very first fold was crooked. Her wings pointed the wrong way, and she wobbled when she flew.
I can't do it, Mika sighed.
Not yet, said Grandmother Crane. Every fold teaches your wings something new.
So Mika practiced. One fold. Then another. Each one a little braver than the last.
Her wobbles turned into swoops. Her swoops turned into loops!
And the other cranes said: Mika, you fly so well. Will you show us the way?
Now the whole flock flies together, higher than any crane could fly alone.
Your crane is part of the flock now.
What will you fold next?